Why is there a severe immunological and inflammatory explosion in those affected by sarms covid-19? Ranking customer behaviours for business strategyAlgorithmic trading for multiple commodities markets, like Forex, Metals, Energy, etc.Trading Bot for FOREXPython model for the analysis of sector-specific stock ETFs for investment purposesPlaystore & Appstore to Google Analytics (GA) or Firebase to Google Data Studio Mobile App KPI DashboardGoogle Local Service Ads LSA API To Google BigQuery to Google Data StudioAI Conversational Bot using RASARecommendation System ArchitectureRise of telemedicine and its Impact on Livelihood by 2040Rise of e-health and its impact on humans by the year 2030Rise of e-health and its impact on humans by the year 2030Rise of telemedicine and its Impact on Livelihood by 2040AI/ML and Predictive ModelingSolution for Contact Centre ProblemsHow to Setup Custom Domain for Google App Engine Application?Code Review ChecklistWhy is there a severe immunological and inflammatory explosion in those affected by arms covid-19? are these only genetic causes related to the immune response of il6 and macrophages, or would other types of scenarios be related to some environmental element?il-6 is a marker for macrophages, as an essential and pre-inflammatory marker, but my question is not directed at that already known factor, but what I am asking is the reason for such a brutal response by the immune system.For example, here in Spain one of the parallel treatments is the administration of corticosteroids and anti-inflammatory drugs.And another of the most worrying markers in patients is the increase in ferritin, or that its values are out of range.The exacerbated response of the immune system, specifically il-6, which in addition to being pre-inflammatory, also has an anti-inflammatory function, depending on which synergies occur with its two types of receptors. R-il-6 and gp 130 this acts as an antagonist, these types of proteins are very typical in endothelial cells or in macrophages.But my question is why this so severe call of il-6 and il-1 by those affected by covid-19.Could it be that the virus’s nexus protein had some synergy with R-il-6 binding to it and in this case, it was acting as an agonist,? and to act, making a call effect. I don’t know.My question is directed more at him, why? of that abrupt and exaggerated call. And in such a short time.Could it have to do with the virus replication speed vs. slower activation speed of T and B lymphocytes?In innate immunity, Monocytes in this case macrophages are cells that present il-6 in their cell membranes, but such a large amount … of response.It is as if the immune response is more associated with cellular damage (DAMP). Why?Even soluble peptides like cathelicidins HDPs that react and are produced by cells of the epithelial tissue of the respiratory, digestive system or the skin itself, which are pro- and anti-inflammatory. and they also act as chemoattraction agents, pro-apoptosis in the case of epithelial cells and anti-apoptotic in the case of neutrophils, they are one more barrier of the innate immune system, yes, but to such an extent of producing that inflammation so severe, and that cell death in such a short time?We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise.Contact us: hello@blackcoffer.com© All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd